Okay, so you need to be able
to view the course website.
TypeScript-training.com is
the correct link.
We looked at the official TypeScript
website, and then if you want to code
along, which I would encourage
everybody in the classroom and
watching live and you watching the video.
This is the best way to learn
Typescript is hands-on.
You're going to want to install Volta.
Volta is a Javascript toolchain manager
and what it will ensure is you have
the right version of node and the right
version of yarn for this project.
We want this project to work for
everybody, and
Volta is part of making sure that happens.
There are other tools like this,
like nvm, and I heard in the classroom
this one called N, apparently,
I'm not familiar with that one, but
if you're using the right node and
yarn version, you should be okay.
So we're gonna go through
the steps of installing Volta, but
I'll show you if you use these other tool
chain managers, what version of node and
yarn you're looking for.
So first we're going to run this command.
We're gonna curl from get.volta.sh,
pipe that into bash.
If you're using Windows and PowerShell,
there's an installation process
described on the Volta website for this.
There's a little MSI bundle
that you have to install.
But we're gonna go, assuming people
are using a POSIX compliant environment.
Like if you're using Windows subsystem for
Linux, this will work as well.
So I just pasted that in and
you can see it installed Volta.
I already have Volta installed here.
It's a good idea to close your terminal
and reopen it because in some cases,
it will insert something into
your bash RC or your ZSH RC.
I already have that here.
And you should be able to run Volta and
see some reasonable output here,
something that's not an error.
The next thing you'll wanna
do is run this command.
And this is globally installing,
meaning it's not associated
with any particular project.
It's still within Volta.
Globally installing the latest node LTS,
which is node 18 and yarn v3.
You could run this.
And you may see some progress bars where
it's downloading things on the fly.
But this will ensure you have some
node and some yarn inside Volta.
And all of this is happening
in this directory.
So this is where all of the stuff,
all of the nodes in the yarns live.
And then you're good to go.
Once you've done that,
you should be good to go.
So you're gonna clone the Git repo.
I'm suggesting using HTTPS here because
you're not gonna be pushing to this repo
and you're gonna have to worry about SSH
keys in case you haven't set those up yet.
Then you're gonna enter the folder and
you're gonna run yarn.
So something like that, and you should
see some output that looks like this.
The fact that you're seeing these
messages starting with a Y,
that's an indication you're
using a modern version of yarn.
If you don't see these, that likely
means that you're using yarn 1.
And interestingly, that's sort of
a separate project that's deprecated now,
it's a different repo,
a different code base.
So you want to make sure you're seeing,
some evidence that you're using Yarn 3.
I've used yarn yarn 4 with this as well,
it's a release candidate right now.
There should be no problems using that,
but this makes sure you're using yarn 3.
And where you can see the versions
that are pinned in the root package
JSON of the project, you can see this,
so node 18.18.2 Yarn 364.
That's what we're using here.
I do not plan to change these unless
we release a V5 of this course,
in which case we may try to move these
forward, but that's how to get all set up.
Vanessa has a question about whether the
value of TypeScript has a lot to do with
full stack development where you're
coming from static typing in the backend.
And then dynamic typing in the front
end represents like a loss of type
information.
And I would say you get a lot of value out
of TypeScript in that situation, right?
If you already have types and
you know the shapes of your API responses,
failing to bring that into the front end
puts you in a position where you sort
of have to keep a backend and
frontend aligned with human vigilance
as opposed to having types
that are generated for you.
Some large companies use something
called Protobufs for this,
where they can generate
a single set of types.
Both for their backend and frontend.
There's a full stack TypeScript
course that I've recorded for
Frontend Masters which you can take
a look at that, where we use Graphql and
a set of TypeScript interfaces and
we can do that very thing.
But that's certainly a use case, right?
Having types that sorta flow from your
back end code base over the wire into
your front end, and
it all works together in concert.